able,having the power, skill, or means to do something.
acid,a chemical substance with a pH less than 7, turns litmus red, and typically reacts with metals to form hydrogen gas.
aged,having reached a specific age or stage of development.
away,at or to a distance from a particular place or person.
baby,a very young child, especially one newly or recently born.
band,a thin strip of material used to hold things together or to encircle something.
back,the rear surface of the human body from the shoulders to the hips.
edge,the outside limit of an object, area, or surface.
bank,an institution where money is deposited, borrowed, or exchanged.
been,past participle of the verb "be."
ball,a solid or hollow spherical or egg-shaped object.
base,the bottom part of an object that supports it.
busy,having a great deal to do or keep oneself occupied.
bend,shape or force (something straight) into a curve or angle.
bell,a hollow object that makes a ringing sound when struck.
body,the physical structure of a person or an animal.
cost,the amount of money required or spent in order to purchase or obtain something.
duty,a moral or legal obligation; a responsibility.
book,a written or printed work consisting of pages glued or sewn together along one side and bound in covers.
door,a hinged, sliding, or revolving barrier at the entrance to a building, room, or vehicle.
club,a group or organization dedicated to a particular interest or activity.
bird,a warm-blooded vertebrate animal of the class Aves, characterized by feathers, beaked jaws, and the ability to lay hard-shelled eggs.
come,move or travel toward or into a place or position.
call,make a telephone call.
came,past tense of the verb "come."
care,the provision of what is necessary for the health, welfare, maintenance, and protection of someone or something.
calm,not showing or feeling nervousness, anger, or other strong emotions.
card,a piece of thick, stiff paper or thin pasteboard, typically rectangular, with or without printing or writing on it, used for various purposes.
coat,an outer garment with sleeves, covering at least the upper part of the body.
case,a container designed to hold or protect something.
city,a large town.
chat,talk in a friendly and informal way.
cash,money in coins or notes.
crow,a large perching bird with mostly glossy black plumage, a heavy bill, and a raucous voice.
cook,prepare (food, a dish, or a meal) by combining and heating the ingredients in various ways.
cool,of or at a fairly low temperature.
dark,with little or no light.
date,the day of the month or year as specified by a number.
film,a thin flexible strip of plastic or other material coated with light-sensitive emulsion for exposure in a camera, used to produce photographs or motion pictures.
each,every one of two or more people or things considered separately.
farm,an area of land and its buildings used for growing crops and rearing animals.
evil,profoundly immoral and wicked.
east,the direction toward the point of the horizon where the sun rises at the equinoxes.
firm,having a solid, almost unyielding surface or structure.
even,flat and smooth.
ever,at any time.
face,the front part of a person's head from the forehead to the chin.
fact,a thing that is known or proved to be true.
four,equivalent to the sum of two and two; one more than three.
five,equivalent to the sum of two and three; onemore than four.
fair,treating people equally without favoritism or discrimination.
fear,an unpleasant emotion caused by the belief that someone or something is dangerous, likely to cause pain or a threat.
feel,perceive or be aware of a physical sensation or emotion.
fell,past tense of the verb "fall."
file,a folder or box for holding loose papers that are typically arranged in a particular order for easy reference.
fire,the state of combustion in which flames and heat are produced.
fine,of high quality or excellence.
fish,a limbless cold-blooded vertebrate animal with gills and fins and living wholly in water.
game,an activity or sport involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others.
gone,no longer present or in existence; departed or lost.
gold,a yellow precious metal, the chemical element of atomic number 79.
have,possess, own, or hold.
deal,an agreement entered into by two or more parties for their mutual benefit.
hair,any of the fine threadlike strands growing from the skin of humans, mammals, and some other animals.
here,in, at, or to this place or position.
hear,perceive with the ear the sound made by someone or something.
into,expressing movement or action with the result that someone or something becomes enclosed or surrounded by something else.
iron,a strong, hard magnetic silvery-gray metal.
jump,push oneself off a surface and into the air by using the muscles in one's legs and feet.
miss,fail to hit, reach, or come into contact with (something aimed at).
kick,strike or propel forcibly with the foot.
past,gone by in time and no longer existing.
kill,cause the death of (a person, animal, or other living thing).
life,the condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter.
like,having the same characteristics or qualities as; similar to.
love,an intense feeling of deep affection.
main,most important or principal.
move,go in a specified direction or manner; change position.
meet,come into the presence or company of (someone) by chance or arrangement.
more,a greater or additional amount or degree.
nose,the part projecting above the mouth on the face of a person or animal, containing the nostrils and used for breathing and smelling.
near,at or to a short distance away; nearby.
open,allowing access, passage, or view through an empty space; not closed or blocked up.
only,and no one or nothing more besides; solely or exclusively.
push,exert force on (someone or something) in order to move them away from oneself or the origin of the force.
pull,exert force on (someone or something) so as to cause movement toward oneself or the origin of the force.
sell,give or hand over (something) in exchange for money.
sale,the exchange of a commodity for money; the action of selling something.
area,a particular extent of space or surface; a region or part of a town, a country, or the world.
army,a large organized military force equipped for fighting on land.
bill,a formal or legal document, especially one that is set out in writing.
food,any nutritious substance that people or animals eat or drink or that plants absorb in order to maintain life and growth.
fund,a sum of money saved or made available for a particular purpose.
game,an activity or sport involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others.
girl,a female child.
goal,the object of a person's ambition or effort; an aim or desired result.
hide,put or keep out of sight; conceal from the view or notice of others.
give,freely transfer the possession of (something) to (someone); hand over to.
hate,feel intense or passionate dislike for (someone).
also,as well; in addition to what has been mentioned before.