about,concerning; on the subject of.
alert,quick to notice and respond to danger or unusual circumstances.
argue,give reasons or cite evidence in support of an idea, action, or theory.
beach,a pebbly or sandy shore, especially by the ocean between high- and low-water marks.
above,at a higher level or position than something else.
alike,similar in nature or character; in the same or a similar manner.
among,surrounded by; in the company of.
avoid,keep away from or stop oneself from doing (something).
billy,a male given name; a billy club, a type of baton.
after,following in time or place; later than.
anger,a strong feeling of displeasure or annoyance.
award,give or order the giving of (something) as an official payment, compensation, or prize to (someone).
birth,the emergence of a baby or other young from the body of its mother; the start or beginning of something.
again,once more; another time.
angle,the space (usually measured in degrees) between two intersecting lines or surfaces at or close to the point where they meet.
aware,having knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.
black,of the very darkest color; the opposite of white.
agent,a person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
angry,feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or rage.
badly,to a severe or serious degree.
blame,feel or declare that (someone or something) is responsible for a fault or wrong.
agree,have the same opinion about something; concur.
apart,separated by a distance; at a specified distance from each other in time or space.
baker,a person who makes and sells bread, cakes, and pastries.
blind,unable to see; lacking the sense of sight.
ahead,in or toward the front; in advance.
apple,a round fruit with crisp, juicy flesh and a core containing seeds.
bases,the lowest part or edge of something, especially the part on which it rests or is supported.
block,a large solid piece of hard material, especially rock, stone, or wood.
alarm,an anxious awareness of danger; a warning sound or device.
apply,make a formal application or request.
basic,forming an essential foundation or starting point; fundamental.
blood,the red liquid that circulates in the arteries and veins, carrying oxygen to and carbon dioxide from the tissues of the body.
album,a collection of recordings issued as a single item on CD, record, or another medium.
arena,a level area surrounded by seating, in which sports, entertainments, and other public events are held.
basis,the underlying support or foundation for an idea, argument, or process.
board,a long, thin, flat piece of wood or other hard material used for floors or other building purposes.
boost,help or encourage (something) to increase or improve.
buyer,a person who purchases goods or services.
cause,a person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or condition.
clean,free from dirt, marks, or unwanted matter.
cross,a mark, object, or figure formed by two short intersecting lines or pieces (+ or ×).
break,separate into pieces as a result of a blow, shock, or strain.
chain,a series of connected metal links used for fastening or securing objects.
clear,easy to perceive, understand, or interpret; obvious.
crowd,a large number of people gathered together in a disorganized or unruly way.
breed,(of animals) mate and then produce offspring.
chair,a separate seat for one person, typically with a back and four legs.
click,make or cause to make a short, sharp sound.
crown,a circular ornamental headdress worn by a monarch as a symbol of authority.
brief,of short duration; not lasting for long.
chart,a sheet of information in the form of a table, graph, or diagram.
clock,a mechanical or electrical device for measuring time, indicating hours, minutes, and sometimes seconds.
curve,a line or outline that gradually deviates from being straight for some or all of its length.
bring,come to a place with (someone or something).
chase,pursue in order to catch or catch up with.
close,only a short distance away or apart in space or time.
cycle,a series of events that are regularly repeated in the same order.
broad,having a width larger than usual.
cheap,low in price, especially in relation to similar items or services.
could,used to indicate possibility or ability in the past.
grown,past participle of the verb "grow."
depth,the distance from the top or surface to the bottom of something.
error,a mistake.
forum,a place, meeting, or medium where ideas and views on a particular issue can be exchanged.
guard,a person who protects something or keeps watch over it.
doing,an action or activity.
event,a thing that happens, especially one of importance.
found,past tense and past participle of the verb "find."
guess,estimate or suppose (something) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct.
faith,complete trust or confidence in someone or something.
front,the side or part of an object that presents itself to view or that is normally seen or used first; the forward-facing part.
heart,the central or innermost part of something.
dream,a series of thoughts, images, and sensations occurring in a person's mind during sleep.
false,not according with truth or fact; incorrect.
fruit,the sweet or savory edible part of a plant that contains seeds.
heavy,of great weight; difficult to lift or move.
dress,put on one's clothes.
fault,responsibility for an accident or misfortune.
fully,completely or entirely; to the greatest extent or degree.
hence,as a consequence; for this reason.
drill,a tool or machine with a rotating cutting tip or reciprocating hammer or chisel, used for making holes.
fiber,a thread or filament from which a vegetable tissue, mineral substance, or textile is formed.
funny,causing laughter or amusement; humorous.
night,the period of darkness in each twenty-four hours; the time from sunset to sunrise.
drink,take (a liquid) into the mouth and swallow.
field,an area of open land, especially one planted with crops or pasture.
giant,a person or thing of unusually great size, power, importance, or achievement.
horse,a large plant-eating domesticated mammal with solid hoofs and a flowing mane and tail, used for riding, racing, and to carry and pull loads.
drive,operate and control the direction and speed of a motor vehicle.
fifth,constituting number five in a sequence; 5th.
given,past participle of the verb "give."
hotel,an establishment providing accommodations, meals, and other services for travelers and tourists.
drove,past tense of the verb "drive."
fifty,the number equivalent to the product of five and ten; ten less than sixty.
glass,a hard, brittle substance, typically transparent or translucent, made by fusing sand with soda and lime and cooling rapidly.
house,a building for human habitation, especially one that consists of a ground floor and one or more upper stories.
dying,approaching death; gradually ceasing to exist or function.
fight,take part in a violent struggle involving physical force or weapons.
globe,the earth.
human,relating to or characteristic of people or human beings.
eager,wanting to do or have something very much.
final,coming at the end of a series; last.
going,the act of leaving or departing.
ideal,satisfying one's conception of what is perfect; most suitable.
early,happening or done before the usual or expected time.
first,coming before all others in time or order; earliest.
grace,smoothness and elegance of movement.
image,a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.
earth,the planet on which we live; the world.
fixed,fastened securely in position.
grade,a particular level of rank, quality, proficiency, or value.
index,an alphabetical list of names, subjects, etc., with reference to the pages on which they are mentioned.
eight,equivalent to the product of two and four; one more than seven, or two less than ten; 8.
flash,shine or produce a bright light suddenly and briefly.
grand,magnificent or splendid.
inner,situated inside or further in; internal.
elite,a select group that is superior in terms of ability or qualities to the rest of a group or society.
fleet,a group of ships sailing together, engaged in the same activity, or under the same ownership.
grant,agree to give or allow (something requested) to.
gross,unattractively large or bloated.
joint,a point at which parts of an artificial structure are joined.
judge,a public official appointed to decide cases in a court of law.
metal,a solid material that is typically hard, shiny, malleable, fusible, and ductile.
loose,not firmly or tightly fixed in place; detached or able to be detached.
minus,with the subtraction of.
noted,well known or famous.
laser,a device that generates an intense beam of coherent monochromatic light.
lower,situated not far above the ground, the horizon, or sea level.
mixed,combine or put together to form one substance or mass.
novel,a fictitious prose narrative of book length, typically representing character and action with some degree of realism.
later,happening or done after the usual or expected time.
lucky,having, bringing, or resulting from good luck.
model,a three-dimensional representation of a person or thing or of a proposed structure, typically on a smaller scale than the original.
nurse,a person trained to care for the sick or infirm, especially in a hospital.
laugh,make the spontaneous sounds and movements of the face and body that are the instinctive expressions of lively amusement and sometimes also of contempt or derision.
lunch,a meal eaten in the middle of the day.
money,a current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes; coins and banknotes collectively.
occur,happen; take place.
layer,a sheet, quantity, or thickness of material, typically one of several, covering a surface or body.
lying,not telling the truth.
month,each of the twelve named periods into which a year is divided.
ratio,the quantitative relation between two amounts, typically expressed as a quotient of one divided by the other.
shall,used to indicate the future tense.
plate,a flat dish, typically circular and made of china, from which food is eaten or served.
shirt,a garment worn on the upper body, typically having a collar, sleeves, and buttons down the front.
spent,past tense and past participle of the verb "spend."
sweet,having the pleasant taste characteristic of sugar or honey; not salt, sour, or bitter.
topic,a matter dealt with in a text, discourse, or conversation; a subject.
shock,a sudden upsetting or surprising event or experience.
taxes,a compulsory contribution to state revenue, levied by the government on workers' income and business profits, or added to the cost of some goods, services, and transactions.
tower,a tall, narrow building or part of a building that rises high above the ground.
sight,the faculty or power of seeing.
stage,a raised floor or platform, typically in a theater, on which actors, entertainers, or speakers perform.
stone,a hard, solid nonmetallic mineral matter of which rock is made, especially as a building material.
thick,with opposite sides or surfaces that are a great or relatively great distance apart.
trust,believe in the reliability, truth, or ability of.
smith,a person who makes things, especially metal objects, by hand.
whose,used to indicate possession by a specified person or people.
watch,look at or observe attentively over a period of time.
write,mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.
usage,the action of using something or the fact of being used.
woman,an adult human female.
water,a colorless, transparent, odorless liquid that forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain and is the basis of the fluids of living organisms.
white,of the color of milk or fresh snow, due to the reflection of all visible rays of light.
worth,equivalent in value to the sum or item specified.
visit,go to see and spend time with (someone) socially.
would,used to indicate the consequence or conditional result of an imagined event or situation.
vital,absolutely necessary or important; essential.
voice,the sound produced in a person's larynx and uttered through the mouth, as speech or song.