abroad,in or to a foreign country or countries.
casual,relaxed and unconcerned.
around,located or situated on every side.
couple,two individuals considered together.
accept,consent to receive or undertake.
caught,intercept and hold (something that has been thrown, propelled, or dropped).
arrive,reach a place at the end of a journey or a stage in a journey.
course,a series of lectures or lessons in a particular subject or pursuit.
access,the means or opportunity to approach or enter a place.
center,the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle or sphere.
artist,a person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby.
covers,provide physical protection, shelter, or concealment for.
across,from one side to the other of (a place, area, etc.).
centre,the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle or sphere.
aspect,a particular part or feature of something.
create,bring (something) into existence.
acting,the occupation or activity of performing in plays, movies, or television productions.
chance,a possibility of something happening.
assess,evaluate or estimate the nature, ability, or quality of.
credit,the ability of a customer to obtain goods or services before payment.
action,the fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim.
change,make or become different.
assist,help (someone), typically by doing a share of the work.
crisis,a time of intense difficulty, trouble, or danger.
active,engaging or ready to engage in physically energetic pursuits.
charge,demand (an amount) as a price for a service rendered or goods supplied.
assume,suppose to be the case, without proof.
custom,a traditional and widely accepted way of behaving or doing something.
actual,existing in fact; typically as contrasted with what was intended, expected, or believed.
choice,an act of selecting or making a decision when faced with two or more possibilities.
attack,take aggressive military action against (a place or enemy forces) with weapons or armed force.
damage,physically harm (something) so as to impair its value, usefulness, or normal function.
advice,guidance or recommendations concerning prudent future action, typically given by someone regarded as knowledgeable or authoritative.
choose,pick out or select (someone or something) as being the best or most appropriate of two or more alternatives.
attend,be present at (an event, meeting, or function).
danger,the possibility of suffering harm or injury.
advise,offer suggestions about the best course of action to someone.
chosen,having been selected as the best or most appropriate.
august,respected and impressive.
dealer,a person or business that buys and sells goods.
affect,have an effect on; make a difference to.
church,a building used for public Christian worship.
author,a writer of a book, article, or document.
debate,a formal discussion on a particular matter in a public meeting or legislative assembly.
afford,have enough money to pay for.
circle,a round plane figure whose boundary consists of points equidistant from a fixed center.
avenue,a broad road in a town or city, typically having trees at regular intervals along its sides.
decade,a period of ten years.
afraid,feeling fear or anxiety; frightened.
client,a person or organization using the services of a lawyer or other professional person or company.
backed,supported or financed.
decide,reach a conclusion or make a resolution after consideration.
agency,a business or organization established to provide a particular service.
closed,not open or accessible.
barely,only just; almost not.
defeat,win a victory over (someone) in a battle or other contest; overcome or beat.
agenda,a list of items to be discussed at a formal meeting.
closer,at a shorter distance away.
battle,a sustained fight between large organized armed forces.
defend,resist an attack made on (someone or something); protect from harm or danger.
almost,not quite; very nearly.
coffee,a hot drink made from the roasted and ground seeds (coffee beans) of a tropical shrub.
beauty,a combination of qualities, such as shape, color, or form, that pleases the aesthetic senses.
define,state or describe exactly the nature, scope, or meaning of.
always,at all times; on all occasions.
column,an upright pillar, typically cylindrical, supporting an arch, entablature, or other structure or standing alone as a monument.
became,begin to be.
degree,the amount, level, or extent to which something happens or is present.
amount,a quantity of something, typically the total of a thing or things in number, size, value, or extent.
combat,fighting between armed forces.
become,begin to be.
demand,an insistent and peremptory request, made as if by right.
animal,a living organism that feeds on organic matter, typically having specialized sense organs and nervous system and able to respond rapidly to stimuli.
coming,approach or arrive at a specified condition or time.
before,during the period of time preceding (a particular event or time).
depend,be controlled or determined by.
annual,occurring once every year.
common,occurring, found, or done often; prevalent.
behalf,in the interests of a person, group, or principle.
deputy,a person whose immediate superior is a senior figure within an organization and who is empowered to act as a substitute for this superior.
answer,a thing that is said, written, or done as a reaction to a question or situation.
comply,act in accordance with a wish or command.
behind,at or to the far side of (something), typically so as to be hidden by it.
desert,abandon (a person, cause, or organization) in a way considered disloyal or treacherous.
anyone,any person.
copper,a red-brown metal, the chemical element of atomic number 29.
belief,an acceptance that something exists or is true, especially one without proof.
design,a plan or drawing produced to show the look and function or workings of a building, garment, or other object before it is built or made.
anyway,used to confirm or support a statement that has just been made.
corner,a place or angle where two or more sides or edges meet.
belong,be the property of.
desire,a strong feeling of wanting to have something or wishing for something to happen.
appeal,make a serious or urgent request, typically to the public.
costly,costing a lot; expensive.
bestie,a person's best friend.
detail,an individual feature, fact, or item.
appear,become visible or noticeable, typically without visible agent or apparent cause.
county,a political and administrative division of a state, providing certain local governmental services.
better,of a more excellent or effective type or quality.
detect,discover or identify the presence or existence of.
beyond,at or to the further side of.
budget,an estimate of income and expenditure for a set period of time.
during,throughout the course or duration of (a period of time).
device,a thing made or adapted for a particular purpose, especially a piece of mechanical or electronic equipment.
bishop,a senior member of the Christian clergy, typically in charge of a diocese and empowered to confer holy orders.
burden,a load, especially a heavy one.
easily,without difficulty or effort.
differ,be unlike or dissimilar.
border,a line separating two political or geographical areas, especially countries.
bureau,an office or department for transacting particular business.
eating,consume (food) by chewing and swallowing.
dinner,the main meal of the day, taken either around midday or in the evening.
bottle,a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck, used for storing drinks or other liquids.
button,a small disk or knob sewn onto a garment, either to fasten it by being pushed through a slit made for the purpose or for decoration.
editor,a person who is in charge of and determines the final content of a text, particularly a newspaper or magazine.
direct,extend or pass in a straight line or course.
bottom,the lowest point or part of something.
camera,a device for recording visual images in the form of photographs, film, or video signals.
effect,a change that is a result or consequence of an action or other cause.
doctor,a qualified practitioner of medicine; a physician.
bought,past tense and past participle of buy.
cancer,a disease caused by an uncontrolled division of abnormal cells in a part of the body.
effort,a vigorous or determined attempt.
dollar,the basic monetary unit of the United States, Canada, Australia, and certain countries in the Pacific, Caribbean, Southeast Asia, Africa, and South America.
branch,a part of a tree that grows out from the trunk or from a bough.
cannot,can not; unable to.
eighth,constituting number eight in a sequence.
domain,an area of territory owned or controlled by a particular ruler or government.
breath,the air taken into or expelled from the lungs.
carbon,the chemical element of atomic number 6, a nonmetal that has two main forms (diamond and graphite) and that also occurs in impure form in charcoal, soot, and coal.
either,used before the first of two (or occasionally more) alternatives specified (the other being introduced by "or").
double,consisting of two equal, identical, or similar parts or things.
bridge,a structure carrying a road, path, railway, etc., across a river, road, or other obstacle.
career,an occupation undertaken for a significant period of a person's life and with opportunities for progress.
eleven,equivalent to the product of five and two; one more than ten.
driven,(of a person) relentlessly compelled by the need to accomplish a goal; very motivated or ambitious.